And this is supposed to be the first episode we put on a terminal YouTube
What's the deal with whiteface thing what whiteface? Are you talking about why you trying to look like a white guy?
I'm trying to look like a white guy. You look you look wider than me
You're right, you know what I do that's really messed up. Yeah, I thought you were a white guy
Yeah, I was getting pretty good. You do look more tan than me right now in this video, right?
Yeah, and this is the week before I go on vacation
Come back with us on burn
My my cameras all messed up not capturing reality
Yeah, when you start getting natural light into the picture and then you haven't adjusted your camera
I know that feeling I know those days have adjusted my camera
But the natural light keeps changing because you know the sun moves around. Mm-hmm. It does move around
I've heard that probably just adjusted for exactly this time because it's the only time where
Yeah, we're on the camera. Yeah, yeah, maybe I'll just do that. That's a good idea. Oh
It's Friday. It is the day before vacation. You know that feeling when you have so much to do the day before vacation
And we're recording a podcast. This is like dedication right here. Yeah. Wow. We gotta like pack
I mean you have the whole kids thing which I don't know what that's like but like we're not it's we're not leaving till Sunday
But this is my last day of work before vacation. Oh, I see I see so it's like wrapping up all the work stuff
Before you go out and you're gone for a week when you really want to be gone
You know, you're like gonna really like not do work. You know nothing over your head. Yeah. Yeah, exactly
So it's like lots to do always do are you stressed? Like do you generally feel like in life with work with whatever?
Are you stressed often?
I
Probably would say technically yes, but it's just been a constant thing for years now
So I don't know if I really register it. I think I have moments where
They'll be I think it's probably how everyone feels. There's like
random
That's of weeks where it feels like nine different things are
crashing together at the same time and
I get pushed like
to the edge of what I can possibly
Have the capacity for but most weeks. I'm like right under that. So I think just one of those things where okay
I'm pretty much maxed out. So if anything like coincides in a certain way. I like will feel
like it's
overwhelming but
Generally, I don't think I'm like a stress person. You don't seem very stressed
Do you feel like that stress like when you do have stressful weeks?
Or above average stressful weeks. Does it leak into your daily life? Like when you're not working like with Liz
I mean, I think in those moments, there's like not really many minutes where I'm not working. Yeah, okay
I that's kind of way to find it. It's like there's literally no room for anything even a little thing outside of work
So, okay. Yeah, my memories of that is just all I can remember is just doing a lot of work
Yeah, I think I think I'm stressed way too much
I think it's a there's some health signals that I just spend most of my life. I think stressed it affects my sleep
It affects my relationships. I'm told I have a fact just fact check this
But I'm told by someone that I trust that when you're stressed you can't bond like when you have like a high level of stress
You can't really like build relationship or bond with people. I would say I can think of the perfect counter to that
so I'm like maybe that's true, but
There's also the classic thing of like going through some traumatic stressful situation with someone that like permanently bonding with
Yeah, like really intensely
So maybe they mean something a little bit more nuanced, but yeah, maybe yeah, the stressing is funny
It's like me and Liz always talk about actually post is yesterday
like whenever you see someone that's like I'm a hundred and fifteen and then like you hear about their life and it just seems like
Very low stress like their whole life was like pretty low stress
And that's how they get there or the other thing which I was saying is they're really evil
I feel like that's like another aspect, you know, like there's always just like that evil people their family that just
It is horrible, but like we'll never die. Yeah, I think that's like another factor
So if you can't lower your stress, I think you got to up the evil
I'm thinking okay. Well, I'm not sure which of those is easier. I'm really trying to like do the math in my head like
Could I become evil? Am I already evil? I just need to lean into it. I think you'll be a part for you
I think it's a little bit easier for me
Yeah, you've got that you've got that evil streak. Yeah, it's some evil things just like thoughts things you post on Twitter out loud
You're referring to my post yesterday about slavery. Oh, yeah, I saw that. I was that was a tweet
Someone someone was what I posted
Man, if slavery was legal, I'll get so much more done and a bunch of the replies were like you're like this is
I'm like, this is why people think you're white. I was like, no, you dummy if I was white
I could never post this is actually proof that I'm not white. It's like the most definitive proof
I actually had the thought like how confused the people who think you're white and the people who think you're black are like
They all have very different interpretations of this tweet
It's like people on those sides. I got some messed up replies like I got a reply being like aren't you black?
You would be the slave and I'm just like
That's like wrong and so
Twitter's fun, but what do you want to talk about today? That filters a lot of directions we could go. I don't know
What do you have?
What do I have like what do you have on your mind like I wrote something down on a little notepad?
Let me go through my list. You just said we have a lot of direction we can go in and then I asked you what are they?
And then you're like, I don't know why you're asking me
Maybe I didn't have a lot of directions in my head
There's one. I mean, there's open code. We could talk about open code now that you've tweeted publicly
That's kind of a tough one to talk through. I don't know, but we should probably I guess we haven't talked about it
Yeah, so we ended up having this split from the other person working with us on open code
We just you wanted to pursue selling it to another company
Just didn't make sense for me or Adam for that to be the outcome
So we ended up forking it. We're doing our own thing now. It's going pretty well. We've got like a
Bunch of nice functionality that you've added I started digging into the code base yesterday
And I just see all these places where we can just make the experience nicer. It's just funny. It's like
Again so much easier when you are a user. I just identified all the places where I was like
I'm avoiding this part of the product because I don't get it or it's confusing. I'm just
Mm-hmm. Yeah, so just kind of working through that. Yep. I'm excited for you to
Do some things to the code base. I've just been like pushing the main
like lots and lots of little commits and I'm just I'm moving at a weird like
I don't know what I'm focused on pace like I'm bouncing on different stuff
Uh to have you come in with your like nice chill unstressed vibe and just be like
We work all this and you'll just do it like next week while I'm out. It's gonna be amazing very excited
Yeah, I hope so. I would just say they're staring and just trying to absorb
The whole code base into my head. Uh, I think I didn't do that. I just started slinging
I just started like making changes and that was my problem surprise you're capable of doing that because I literally can't
I'm just like I just get really like what is going on?
Like where is it coming from? Like what and then I'm like I can technically make this change here
But I know I just get really lost in in those things and I can't do anything to my mind
I think what I was trying to communicate that I did a poor job of it
Like I just start from like the feedback loop of I'm running it. I don't like that thing
I fix that thing. I did and I just keep doing that and then eventually
It goes all over the place because it's some of the stuff's just like not important
But I'm like I hate that I want to fix it and it's just like all of it's mixed in
So I don't really look at the code base as a whole. I'm just kind of like as the thing
Yeah, I'm using what would I want better about this?
Yeah, but I actually think this works out perfectly because you're working on fixing this stuff for
People at the end of the funnel like they're using every day and then like here's the stuff that sucks
my immediate place where I'm going to is what does
the initial
Thing look like like getting it set up and like how do we make sure that high percentage of people are again through that flow?
I wonder how many people like read the read me and like try to run it and it doesn't even run
I have no idea because like I've just been well
It's funny because like it's even before then like I look at the read me and I'm like this already
The way it's structured right now. We're probably losing x percent of people just because yeah
Yeah, it feels a little overwhelming in some places
Um and that thing I ran into where I tried to start it just to test it in my home directory
Like it just completely froze. I was looking at that this morning
Which by the way if you comment out like the lsp discovery stuff. It's still freezes. So I don't know what it is
That's something else. Yeah, so I look into all that. So yeah, I think I just really want to focus on
If someone hears about open code
Making sure they get to the aha moment of being like whoa, I was able to like, you know, build a feature with it
How can we get as many people through that as possible? Yeah, I'm very excited for you to do that do that this week and then we'll tell everybody
Jump on board use open code
The people listening the podcast unfortunately you're going to come in before dax is done all that and you're going to have the rough
Like founders series experience
There's a dish where you have to dig in and find stuff out
It's amazing though the people who have like there's already awesome PRs
Crazy like yeah, people understand the code base better than I do already. I know it's crazy
Like they don't complain about tech choices or they just start jumping in and making stuff. That's awesome
Yeah, I love those cars. Yeah, so I'm going to spend some time just absorbing a lot more of it
Um, I think the nice thing is it roughly is the same shape as the sst cli
And I've gone through a few
Iterations on like kind of the architecture for that. Mm-hmm. Uh, I'm like giving you an API like a real-time API and
All that stuff like that's gonna be be really cool
Nice. I looked into connected. This is like very obvious. I don't know why I thought it was possible
I looked into like can open code just connect to your
Running lsp's like if you have vs code up or near them up and they're already spawning lsp's could open code just jump into that
But all these lsp's use standard input output, which is like
One client. Yeah, so they can only yeah, so it's like you have to spin up too
So now you're using twice many resources, but whatever it's uh, it's not a huge deal
I mean every time you run the oven, I guess like in different projects and stuff. You're you're doing that right like there's an lsp
They're just for different code bases, right? What do you mean?
Yeah, I'm saying like if I run the oven for different projects at once which I do every single day like different code bases
It's spawning repeat lsp's for any technology that overlaps but any language but the lsp's scope to the project
So yeah, you can't run less than four, but if you're running open code and neo van in the same project
I was hoping they could both use the same. Oh, it's got it. Yeah. Yeah, but whatever. It's not huge
I mean, I was the reason I think about that is uh, I have one project that is like an lsp torture
It like destroys the ts favor and I've yeah never fully been able to figure out why
Um, so whenever I think about long it's been dubbed two of those
I'm like really sensitive but most most most like 99 percent of people don't have that problem
Well, are you sure about this the standard IO thing because
Well, never mind. I thought I I guess it varies based on the lsp, but I thought I read
That they had a different architecture. It's not it's not required like you can it can serve over http and there's like different protocols
but uh
It depends who spawned it. So if uh, neo van spawns in it spawned in standard input output mode then
You know, they know their process can really got to happen to what that like a lot of really crazy
Yeah, I think it'd be nice if we just like copied over into like an open code directory
Cop like install them into that. Yeah, like you could copy them if they already exist on a system or re-install their whatever
Yeah, again, it varies similar to the sscli like there's a whole thing where like we have binaries that we depend on that
We just auto download for you and and all that so love it. Yeah, there's a lot of familiarity there
So stepping back a bit. There's so many people working on this. I mean like this problem this like
Actual software developers building stuff. So there's like the whole category of like lovable bolt
Uh, whatever. Yeah, yeah, replica you put in words and it just builds you an app or a website or whatever
Uh, and then there's like cursor and wincerf and others probably
That are like I would call them more accessible
It's like developer focus but more accessible and then there's like this whole other category
Which is the only one i'm even thinking of just
Throw all those other ones out. I'm only thinking about like you're a real engineer. You use the terminal a lot
Claude code was kind of like the beach head where it was like, hey, we're just gonna interact your file system
And like you don't have to have another editor
We don't make any assumptions about how you edit code or run your code
We just we work on your file system and that just kind of like created this whole
Category, but now there's so many different teams and when I think about like what am I like?
What do I think I can't get out of those first of all clog code
Once you've used one of these tools one of these agents that has
Diagnostics in the loop like lsp diagnostics clog code feels so dumb. I don't know if you've used it. Yeah, I have
Yeah, so you but yeah, I don't know if you use open code with lsp diagnostics. I got it working. Okay. Yeah
The difference is night and day. I mean, it's like it's a it's a huge change and it makes clog code just untenable for me like until they add
Diagnostics, I don't even go back and play with it just to see what they're working on like all the features
They add just because it's like it just writes code that doesn't work
And then you're you're kind of like having to jump in and make edits so you just get stuff to compile
When you put lsp diagnostics in the loop
That's just kind of like table stakes. I think it doesn't make mistakes
Like it makes mistakes immediately fixes them
And you just kind of need that I feel like as a bare minimum
But there's like five or six of these now that do that. Yeah, and I feel like
They're the other thing. So then why open code? I don't know why am I making a picture open code? I don't know
I just kind of jumped into this
Open source
So open source plus has lsp diagnostics plus it's terminal based. I think that's like the intersection
That is like the uniqueness of open code not that there won't be other people to do exactly that
It's like ours will just be better because we have taste that's it. Yeah, it's it's this funny thing where I was uh
I talked to you about this a little bit
So it's clear that
The editor with the ai thing together is a thing that gets the most traction right away
Because we've seen that with with cursor etc. Um, so I think there's a lot of
Projects trying to jump onto that form factor
but
Long term this feels like it's already too late like
It should just be VS code. It shouldn't be a VS code fork. Yeah, but that's there
Okay, if it's a VS code fork. There's already two
cursor and win serve
So at this point you're like so far down. Yeah to do another one. That's like in this same form factor
It feels like just accept that we've lost that opportunity
To me. Yeah, that just leaves a terminal opportunity because
Uh, no one's really done an amazing job there. So even if the terminal one ends up being
not as popular as the
The VS code flavor of this at least an unsettled space where there's not a clear weather
Like I think if you like 100% win that it might be bigger than getting like fifth place on
On the VS code flavor of things. Yeah, and I think the other thing is um
I don't
Like I don't really understand
So if you look at uh, so the announcement yesterday from
win serve they are
You know, they they have their quote unquote own model now
SWE dash one or whatever
and
I don't know what the history with this is I know that both cursor and win serve the cursor is hired a bunch of people to work on their own model
Um, maybe win serve was doing the same or this is just some collaboration with with open AI who's now their owner
Um, it's funny because like I was posting others yesterday. Let's say this is an open AI model
They developed it and they're gonna only deliver it through win serve
to me that is
a counter to what open AI claims to be and this has been a question this whole time, right is open AI going to
Like when they say we're working in AGI. We're gonna like, you know build this crazy future
They say that all the time or at least Sam Altman says it all the time
But if you look at their business actions, it's not it doesn't look like a business
Committed to to that or betting on that, right? So there's been so many I think we thought it was before but
Like probably even like a year and a half ago
They announced like some really boring enterprisey type thing with microsoft
And then now them acquiring win serve and being like, oh, we have a model. It's like vertically integrated
That's such a heavy bet into the application
And they've set a bunch like oh, we're not going to compete with you in the application layer and here's how we define
What's application layer and what's not but they're clearly just doing stuff more heavily than that
um
Like
If they were really betting on being a platform that SWE thing would just be another model in their API
That any editor could use because they're not trying to compete on code editors. They're trying to compete on on this
This bigger thing. Uh-huh. And who knows like you have a model might end up in the API
but I I am kind of wondering like
Are are they now getting more defensive about this stuff and then they try to make sure their applications have
Kind of unfair advantages that uh that other ones don't and if that's a case then yeah open code will have some
Theoretically some trouble
if you assume that
Uh models are defensible, which I don't think they are yeah, I don't either and if they are then then yeah
We'd have some trouble this one that just launched. I mean the SWE one thing. It's not as good as
Club three seven. So it's just kind of like I want something better than club. Yeah, I mean, it's not better than that
It's just like noise. I don't care about the news
Yeah, and maybe like there are people I know that that want to use these much cheaper faster models
I just don't know what they're doing with them like
I feel like I have like a super maven type thing for line-to-line completion
That's really good
And then I want like big brain helped me do hard thing. I don't know what these middle ones like what the purpose
Like people who get really excited about
Whatever running quin locally. Yeah, I just I don't I don't really understand like what are you accomplishing with that because I've seen
How not helpful bad model output is so like
It's that much worse three seven which is an expensive
Heavy model and it still kind of sucks and still you still have to do a lot of like
Yeah, your own work to get it to give you what you need
Like it can be really powerful when you do the right things
But there's still like this learning curve and like doing all the right things
And still I end up going to gym and I 2.5 dumping my entire code base to ask it the hard problems because
Three sevens just stupid. It's just it's effective. It calling tools and going really hard until it gets to a solution
And if you give it a good plan
Very effective not like I use three seven constantly have hundreds of millions of tokens at this point
Yeah, like three seven is amazing
For what it is but like it's still not very smart and everyone that uses it heavily knows
The big brain questions you go to gym and I 2.5 or maybe oh three and like bounce between those and they can do some amazing things
Especially I love just with gym and I 2.5 be able to drop an entire code base because usually like I work on pretty big code bases
They're under 500,000 tokens
And that fits inside gym and I has one million token context easy
So you just like I use repo mix to just like create a big static file that is my entire repo
I drop it into gym and I and I ask it hard questions
It's amazing like it's really smart, but it can't call tools for shit
Like it won't do it because it wasn't trained on it. I don't know. It's just not it's not good in that role
Yeah, we we end up complaining about this every single week
Uh, and I imagine it's gonna be one week where it just gets fixed because I don't this doesn't feel to me like an unsolvable thing
It's a temporary problem. Yeah, I do think google's gonna win this. I mean if i'm looking at the trajectory
I just I think they're gonna come out with gym and I three or whatever
It's gonna be really good in these agentic tool calling scenarios because I may not assume
I assume they listen to developers and they actually care about this use case being google
Yeah, and then it's just gonna be it's gonna be like I would never use an topic again. Yeah, which again if you are
Open AI or one of these other labs or whatever and you
See that same outcome that would also make sense why you're trying to share up the application layer because that is
I think at the end of the day like chat gpt as a b2c product is
gonna be really hard at dislodge like I think about
people like far removed from our bubble that still use these products
They just are not gonna like
Which to something out of they're they're not like trying all these different things
They're just like oh chat gpt like this magic thing that does stuff for me
Like this other thing being 20 percent better like it's not going to be the thing that they switch
So I will say google on that front. I saw my wife on her phone using AI mode on a google search result
I hadn't even seen this there's like the first app now. Yeah, yeah
So I could see google winning over a lot of normies. Yeah, that's yeah, that's they always have that and
I think they have this weird challenge of
They need to so the benefit they have is obviously like billions of people probably use google search every single day
They they can leverage that but it's like double the double edge thing because yeah, they can leverage it
but two now to figure out how to like
Integrate people's assumptions of the product and push them into this direction
And it's been hard like you've seen them like just insert the AI response at the top which has been like
Not great now. They have this new AI mode tab
uh
Like what people switch and use it like do they get what the difference of these two things are so
It's a double edge thing whereas chat gpt. It's just like a completely fresh. Yeah
Focus thing that said the product worked on chat gpt is horrible
It just is look it just looks crazier
I think a screenshot of what chat gpt looks like now and i'm just like this is insane like there's so many
Toggles and buttons and drop downs. I don't really pay attention now
I need to I specifically need to look at the mobile app and I was just like this is such a busy crazy screen and I think it's um
Oh, they actually cleaned it up a little bit now. Yeah, it does look a little better
But still, you know everything just been under my menus. I mean I just used the web app. I guess mostly
It is still kind of like when you really step back and you think about this era
of like AI that's really helpful being injected into our lives
Like choosing between these just ridiculously named models
Yeah, but like search versus deep research and then you've got like this little dot dot dot canvas
Which is where you collaborate on writing and code google has a canvas thing
I don't know when I should use that like can I not ask you questions about code right here?
I don't there's just like so many weird
Little like idiosyncrasies these things have developed that yeah, you can just imagine in five years all of this will look so stupid
You know what drives me crazy about this. Okay, so I'm like
All right. I get it. There's like different directions. You need to go with the models and you're experimenting
So there's a lot. I was like trying to make sense of it. Okay. I get your own models do this like reasoning thing
Okay, so I I know when I see oh, I
The reasoning but then what is for oh like why is your own gbt for like
Does that mean it's like also kind of doing that and then
I talked to these models now and they all seem to converge on the same behavior. So I don't even know what's doing what like
One of these initially I was like, oh, this like searches a web a lot
But then now they're all kind of searching the web. Yeah, but then also there's like a toggle for me to turn on web search
What does that button do I have no idea anymore?
Anyway, so I'm just like what
And then and then and then I'm like, okay deep research
I like deep deep research it's a great feature
But like should I be using it with for oh or oh three or oh, yeah
Which model when you want to do a deep research?
Yeah, I think that one is such an opinionated type of product
That deep research should be its own tab where it's like yeah, there's like no options
You just ask your question and they just pick whatever because it's a slow process. Anyway, it's super slow
So I've done the deep research thing with like multiple models on the same question
Just to like see it. Can I figure out like which output do I like better? I can't figure that it's too much output
It's like it's very hard to read through both and be like comparing in your mind
Which is better that think of how plugged in we are
To this stuff and this is still so confusing to us like why I would choose oh for many versus oh for many high
I still don't get the high thing. I get the mini finally like
Oh for many they've been working on oh for and they just gave us a little like intermediate
Here's yeah, here's a little taste of what oh four is going to be like but oh three is like baked
It's out of the oven but four is bigger than three, but this is the mini four
So it's actually cheaper and faster than the oh three. It's just a it's a mess
There's a mini highly was a mini high. I don't get it. I don't get it
And here's another thing. I I had not seen this before under more models. They have the gpt 4-1
Which I thought was only available to developers in the API. I thought we were special
We got four dot one through the API only it wasn't in chat upt when they first launched it now
They've added to chat gpt. I'm like, what's the point? What's what's what's four one good for?
It's actually really good at coding like if i'm choosing coding model across the board on
it's okay, so
Yeah, so it's the best if you wanted to like swap three seven
For an open AI model because you just love sam altman and his doofus face
Four one would be like your closest swap that in and call tools and stuff. Oh three super expensive
But it is smart like I use it like a jimini 2.5 replacement for like hard problems. Does that make sense? Yeah, okay
But it doesn't have the context window that jimini has so you're limited. You can't just drop your whole code base like
I don't know. It's all a mess. I hate it. Four one has really high context windows because it's kind of like made for programming
I don't know man. This is it's funny because I think for me
I don't I don't even end up doing what you do because I
my habits are just like
Open chat gpt and start typing right away and hit enter right away
And after I do that, I'm like, oh crap like I'm on the wrong model or like I guess this one's fine for this. I don't know
Because I don't want to start it over. So it's just like I just never actually do this intentional thing of I'm doing this task therefore
I'm going to use this model. Yeah
Mostly like if I go to chat gpt, I just use o3 for most of my like questions
I just hate how slow it is because sometimes I just have dumb questions where I'm just like just tell me off of your memory
Like I don't need to do it. I think everyone would say just use o4 mini for that
Okay, I think that's what people like people love o4 mini because it's like 10th a tenth of the cost of o3
But it's way faster and not really any worse. I don't know. I just like to use the best
So I use o3
I think the search also is another thing that I feel it's funny. I think what
I think the UI reflects is they're realizing that every there's like so few true improvements everything is just
Moving like the piece around on the board where it just gets better at some stuff and works other other stuff
The search thing is a good example where it so clearly solves
One class of problems that felt like all like that's the problem. I guess my stuff is not up to date
But now I realize now that all these models are searching all the time
Sometimes I just have questions where I actually don't want to get biased by whatever it searches
I want to like give me like the Wikipedia answer to that of like I'm asking something boring
Just give me the most boring like historical
Like permanent ish yeah information about this like don't get confused by whatever's going on
Currently with this because there's like something in the current
There's something that's like a current event and I'm trying to understand like the historical context borders
Yeah, so I don't want it searching and getting my bias by all that you need like a don't search button
Don't search
Wait, but it's supposed to what it's not toggled. It should be don't search
It should be but it searches anyway. It's still searches. I forgot. We haven't talked about four five
Which is like the goofy uncle that I actually do switch to four five when I want to write something to someone else
Like there's been a couple of things I've written I'm not gonna talk about it too much
But like a letter to someone and I need help with the blank page problem
And four five is the most like who knows what you're gonna get, but it's like more human somehow
I don't know. Maybe I've just been like
Convinced to that for marketing but that I do actually use four five even though
It's so stupid how they named four five oh man. It's in research preview. What does that mean?
I don't know the salt everything is in research preview. Everything AI related is a research preview
Just gonna go ahead and put that up. Yeah, it's research previews of billions of users. It's it's crazy
I do I do feel like this is uniquely open AI problem
Like most of the other companies have reasonable model names. They're not that hard. I feel like Jim and I it's like 2.5 or 2
That's it. Yeah, and for anthropic. I like never think about their models either
No, I just used three seven. I just always use three seven. Yeah, and I'm sure like as frustrated as we are
I imagine all the people working in open AI like
They feel this even more because they see users like running into all this and they're like, uh, I'm sure they want to fix it
Uh, but I don't know. Is it is it fixable? Yeah, it's interesting like thinking about the future of open AI
Where they did like do this massive
Hit which had GPT like consumers like crazy growth fastest ever whatever at the time
Like they they hit it big with this big app
Blake from the model side and when you think about like the future of model development and research
Do you really trust them to like beat these other people? I just don't I don't I don't trust them to beat google
I feel like any other
Like google in the end. It's just like microsoft's gonna win the agentic vs code
I feel like google's gonna win this and
Then what is open AI?
I'm even more worried for anthropic and I like like the ceo all the things he says
Seems great. Uh, but if they lose the coding thing to google, what do they have? I don't know
Yeah, it's a lot of money a lot of capital involved right keeping these things going. Yeah, it's funny
I think we're so used to I guess like if you if you're around our age, I think most of our memory is
New things coming out disrupting old things and like winning
So I think we're very primed to that type of story
But the thing that is common historically is
There would be a new thing that came out and all the old players would be like that thing's dumb
Like that's not gonna go anywhere
And the new thing ended up being right and it would like displace the old ones and we can remember this with stuff like
Like when the iphone came out all the existing phone companies were like
That's just like a toy like whatever. They didn't look at it being like wow. That's really good
We need to immediately squash it right. Yeah, but for AI. It's not going that way
It's it's the opposite of what we're used to it came out and every single giant company
Fully over rotated into it and we actually cannot miss
If this goes somewhere we like cannot miss it. Oh you think about amazon the meme of
Everything becoming AI yeah for AWS like they just from a marketing perspective from their focus perspective
It was just like completely shifted. Yeah, so it's very different from them from the previous shifts
Like it wasn't like when the internet came out. There's a bunch of incumbents being the internet. It's not a big deal like
Whatever big like retail like walmart or whatever so late to doing anything selling on the internet and then amazon got in there
Uh, yeah, I just don't see that with this shift. So I don't think it's gonna be the usual disruption flow that we're used to
I just remembered apple and that they kind of are doing trying to do I don't know is there ever been a more like
Crazy dichotomy between like amazing company that makes these the physical devices that are perfect
And like they still have siri on them like what what in the world
They've taken so many swings too. It's like something is like broken with that part of the organization
I have very little hope for it
But it's like so confusing because this stuff just needs to be baked into the os
I know I want it. I want them to be good at this because I use my watch to say hey siri
Add this is the grocery list like I want all of my apple devices that I will continue to own forever until they die
Like I want those devices to all be connected with this brilliant AI. I want the apple intelligence things to be good
And it's just not gonna be good. Yeah, it just makes way too much sense. So
Yeah, so there's that version of it. There's a version where
We want this feature
Now we can kind of imagine what a good version of it would be like
And it's missing from something like apple or ios and macos
Then there's all these products that should not have added any AI
That now have like AI features in them. They're just kind of annoying and stuff. That's like we just have to like click around or ignore
So it's like this weird like it almost feels like this weird
infection it's infected all of these products and it has
Made them worse and very few products are good about removing failed features
They like this internally politically like bigger organizations just cannot do that
Yeah, so
It just feels like a bunch of softwares got worse overnight and like there's gonna be some kind of
another shift in the future that just like there's a bunch of new products that just
Remove AI from the products that never did it. Well
Yeah
Like chrome extensions that just rip out anything that makes like an AI
looking API call or something
Or just like just fully like new competitors, you know
Yeah, there's a like products get bloated and then like new competitors show up that are more minimal
And then they get bloated and then new products, you know the whole loop
Yeah, but this AI feels like it affected everyone immediately
So that reminds me of some twitter stuff that happened. I don't know if that was last week
Uh, the dhh stuff. Did you see this interaction work treatment online? I'm sure you saw it
Yes, I actually was so annoyed by that whole situation. I totally reassessed how I use twitter and redesigned everything about it
Because of that one that was the straw that broke the camels back, huh? Yeah, yeah, there's been a lot of annoying stuff on twitter
It's interesting that that one what we could tell me what was so annoying about it. If you're willing to talk about it
Yeah, so the situation was dhh
Was doing his usual thing where they're doing something
Not that impressive and he's spinning it like he's a genius
So that attracts people to argue with him about it and then so that zach cantor was like, I don't actually remember what dhh started with
I remember zach was the quote tweet
But I don't remember what dhh was talking about like how much money they're saving by moving off the cloud and how it's a scam and how
Everyone else is falling for it and they're so smart because they're the ones that aren't flying for this scam
And then you have all of these idiots being like, yeah
I'm also someone that doesn't fall for scams and like I
Yeah, like they were totally that that makes sense like everyone's falling for this scam
But not me me and dh like we know we know what's going on. We're smart
And it's all like people that just haven't done anything and are basically losers are all like piling on top of this thing
so that's going on in one direction and then
People other another group of people can't help but engage with this. So then zach cantor posted being like
Well, like, you know, there's opportunity costs with everything and it seems like base camp totally missed
The ai thing they have no mentions of any ai features
which
annoyed me because i'm like the underlying point is correct
dhh can't just blanket say everyone is falling for a scam because everyone has different opportunity costs and
It's embarrassing that base camp does not have more opportunity cost. That's a very good point to point out
Saying that proof of it is they didn't jam ai features into their product. It was the wrong
It's just a softball for the other side of the argument to just be like you're an idiot
Yeah, exactly and then there's all these people being like well like, you know, he has
he has like expensive cars and stuff so he's successful and it's like
uh, and then people are like
What's wrong with just like being that successful?
Like why do you have to be even more successful than that?
Like why not just be happy with your mansion and a bunch of cars and then
It's just it's that whole stupid conversation
We're like one talking about it. I want you to answer I want you to answer that question
But the idiot's asked and I didn't ask just the idiots
Why why is that not enough because it has nothing that has nothing to do with this question
It is and it's totally it's fine. Do whatever you want, right? But the moment you step outside of
That and be and start to say everyone else is stupid everyone else is falling for a scam everyone else is
It's long for not doing what I'm doing. Then you open yourself up to be criticized by that, right?
And the fact that people don't everyone tries to take this angle. It's like
He's right because he's rich. There's people that are more rich that disagree with him
So if we're just gonna go down to argument, I'm like, well, yeah, Jeff Bezos is more rich and like disagrees
So dhj is wrong. It's just like a stupid line of thinking
so
Forget about the argument on twitter that made you change your twitter habits
And I'm just a boy standing in front of a boy asking him
Why do you hate lifestyle businesses because I know you do
Well, maybe not hate them. You just wouldn't ever choose. I don't hate them. I just I just hate this whole culture around
Like the the problem I have is anytime anyone points out any kind of
Failure of base camp and there's a lot of failures of base camp
They have it they've like failed in a lot of ways and they're not very impressive in a lot of ways
They retreat to
We're not successful on purpose because if you try to be more successful than this all these bad things would happen
Your life would get worse. Your company would be worse. You have
Leaguer employees would be more unhappy and that's just not true
It's like a really stupid way of looking at things like a false dichotomy
Yeah, and if we really want to get into that, let's look at a company. That's crushing base camp. Let's look at linear
Linear's employee retention is like absurd. It's like 98 percent of people they've hired have never quit
It's like really outrageous. So to say like
We're building a really happy nice chill company and any company is more successful than us
You know is worse on those dimensions. It's just totally their playbook. Like that's just how they've
They've beat that drum for so long. Like that's how they market or something
I mean, it's not to me. Like I don't think it's like oh, this is how they market for their product. It's just
It's like a personal thing. It's like an ego thing. I mean like being arrogant is like their their whole thing
Yeah, and like I you know what I did. This is actually what I go back and I read this all the time
I go back and read DHH's
Posty put out in 2010 about facebook
It's a whole big article about how facebook is a total scam how every investors falling for they're never going to make any money
Their ipo number ridiculous, etc. It's like if you read the way he talks about it
It's so convincing. It's really convincing. It feels like he's the one smart person using common sense
in a
Giant crowd of people just not thinking and following each other. Yeah, and he was so hilariously wrong about this because everything
In business is counterintuitive. So the person showing you common sense of like obviously it's straightforward
Like why is everyone over complicating it? Obviously just do the straightforward thing. It's almost always wrong
So I go reread that and I'm like damn. It's crazy how everything he talks about now. It's the exact same tone
Like I'm not even talking about the content. It's this tone of
Everyone's falling for it. Just use common sense. It's straightforward
Again, I don't care about what they're doing personally
They're not stoop based camp founders are not stupid. They're smart
They understand their business more than anyone. They understand their goals more than anyone
Whatever they do for their business. I'm sure is better than whatever commentary that I would have
the problem is when
They now need to feel the obsessive need to inflate it beyond their own borders and be like yeah
Everyone is stupid for not doing it like this and then I went everyone piles on again
The people piling on are people that just do not do anything. So
I was watching all this is back and forth and I'm just like I just need to
Never see this shit. Like it just gets in my head and I get annoyed. I end up thinking about dumb stuff
As reorganize my whole twitter. So I never see a post from anyone that I'm not actively falling
Okay, I want to ask you about how you reorganize your twitter
But just not yet. Hang on wait two things one. We should have DHH back on the podcast. He could talk like two hours
I don't want to talk to him. I don't want to talk to him. I just don't want to interact with him ever
I was gonna say we could talk he could just talk for two hours and we could just watch him
Yeah, exactly. He was listening again
I saw he was at uh he went to Austin to be on
Yeah, so I really hope my twitter has set up so that whatever dumbass
Clip goes viral if people are debating just does not know
Are you so excited? Uh, okay, the other thing I want to say
I was still I was trying to get away from
DHH and this whole this whole recent experience
And i'm really trying to ask you a question that I have like
A perspective of you
From kind of the internal view that the twitter people and our podcast listeners don't see
You know, I know like a lot of ideas flow your way
and most of them
Are not big enough like you have a filter
And I just wonder like how do you how do you stay so like locked in on?
I'm only going to go for the biggest possible opportunities like what is that uh
Like constitution in your mind that's able to do that because it does seem very unique. I don't know other people who wouldn't be like
Just like most of these opportunities like chase them, but you're so like no
It's got to be the biggest thing I could possibly do on this earth
I think it's really just having been through the loop already
I remember being someone that would hear a lot of this stuff and be very compelled by it
Like everyone's trying to do these vc things and they never succeed and like the founders ended with nothing like that whole narrative
I remember being like, yeah, I want to live a life where I build these small calm
Products and like they get they make some amount of money
Maybe not enough money for more than just me
But I like build a foundation and I'll build new things and they'll eventually give me the resource
I need to do whatever I want right so the common narrative that everyone hears
And I've pursued that approach and I have saw and I've deeply experienced what
How wrong that is in like most cases
Yeah, it is just so hard to make something small work and the counterintuitive thing
You hear this from everyone that the linear founder actually he replied to my tweet saying his exact same thing
Weirdly the bigger crazier ideas end up being easier to work on
So I just have the scars of thinking one way
And then shift and realizing like it goes nowhere
Deeply understanding that my time is limited and I can only work on so many things in my life
And being like I got to do things that have
A real shot at working so that hasn't changed I'm trying to do stuff that has a real shot at working
but there's like a naive
Understanding of that and now there's like a more sophisticated understanding that that I have now
And I posted just like one example of that the other day where I was like
Everyone tells you oh like find like a small niche where there's nobody else in and then like build something there
And you can probably like you know get traction
And there's just like a pure mathematical thing with that like if you're trying to build something
Where your audience is 5,000 people
You find one person that wants it. They love your product. They think it's the best thing ever. It's awesome. They're paying you
They have no one to tell about it. They're like in some niche and yeah, you can argue like oh
Maybe people don't know each other in practice. It doesn't really work that way
They can't go to their friends and tell them about it. They can't go to their husband or wife and tell them about it
They can't go to their parents and tell them about it
Because it's like too small of a product. Yeah, if you build something that's meant for a lot of people
Any user that's happy with your product is going to tell 10 other people and this like thing even if your end goal is the same like you're gonna
The size of business is the same
The one that can work for a lot of people is just so much easier
Right. So there's like there's like that that thing. I've learned that lesson in like a dozen different places
So now when I see
Stuff that seems like a good idea but doesn't fit those
I just see you as a trap. It just looks like a trap to me like looks radioactive. So yeah, that's why I kind of
I'm able to focus on the other thing just the scars of
Yeah, okay. So before I ask you about your twitter habits, uh, I think my perspective is so jaded by
I don't know if it's a perspective. I'm just gonna tell you my raw thoughts and feelings
Uh
It's like it feels like it's been a long career like I feel like I'm just tired
and I've sold like my wife on
enterprise value for so long and I've made so much less money
being a founder and I have so much equity and on paper everything's so great, but like
It just kind of feels like what if the things don't work out and none of them end up like I've had some small wins like
Some things that have you know, if you have a startup for a long time
like there are ways that you could receive capital along the way or money along the way
but like
It could but all my startups that I'm involved in could just end up dying and then I spent my whole career like 20 years
Dying and pouring myself into making less like a fifth of what I could have made every year
Just like doing consulting and like I don't enjoy that work. But like
Before I did the whole entrepreneur thing
It was a much better lifestyle and like it just is very tiring to feel like everything is deferring for the future
And what if that future never comes and I'm like, why didn't I just do the race car thing the dhth
Like lifestyle business and had a good lifestyle. I don't know. Well the dhth thing isn't people think that
It's like it's not it's not it wasn't a small thing like they
That's like a tangent like I don't
I got you on to that. Yeah. Yeah, so I wouldn't categorize him in this. I even though he claims to be
But I should just got a hyping job at google and just been like effort. I don't care about my work
I think what's funny is uh, this is actually another example of
The thing that
Seems it makes sense. But it's actually the opposite of thing is true
So you described the failure case of your current path none of these things work out and you just end up making a fifth of whatever
Well, obviously I don't believe that's gonna happen or I wouldn't have kept going for 15 years
Like like let's say like it just doesn't work out, right?
What is the actual failure case, right?
The failure case when you work on these things ends up being like pretty
Crazy opportunities that most people would kill for right like just take I mean
I can't talk about it publicly but like
The thing that I was telling you guys about yesterday. Yeah, yeah, that would be a failure case for sst
Sure quite literally like a impossible to get dream situation for 99 percent of people
Yeah, so I think that's the other flip side. It's uh
A lot of the opportunities that you have are
Because you did these you went for these things that were I guess bigger more visible like
And it's like so hard to tie because it's a whole playing a whole like what if game
Um, I can talk about the failure case in the other way that sounds also really depressing
Where you go work at google and you do a good job and you make a bunch of money
And then like 10 years in they just let you off because you're just a number it does not matter
Does not matter anything you did didn't matter
You're just laid off because there's they're cutting experts on their workforce
It's true
And then it happened to be a time where the economy wasn't very good
And you're stuck trying to find a job. No one's going to pay you the same amount as google because you know
You're making way more than you probably should have
Um, you don't necessarily have the skills that make too much sense outside of a company like google
And you have no idea what to do because your lifestyle is now inflated to something that only google level position can feel right
But anyone can describe the failure case in a way that seems like fatal
Okay, well, let me tell you a failure case
It's worse than all of those that I sometimes feel like i'm on this path and maybe this is a rational fear
But what if like
They don't I don't fail these startups don't die. They just go on forever. Yes, that is bad
That is the death that's actually the death thing. Yeah, like and then i'm 55
And I don't have any kind of like cool prospects in the job market and it's just like
I just spent my whole life making less money than I could have
For a dream that like never really didn't happen, but also didn't ever
You know i'm saying and this is a function of uh
Experience as well and this is exactly why I think the small things
You should not do these like small lifestyle businesses because the worst place to be is in a business that makes money
but is not growing because
Mentally impossible to drop it because it seems like it's working
But guaranteed to waste years and years and years and years and years of your life
Uh, lifestyle businesses tend to hit that pretty quickly
Uh, these like bigger things i'm talking about tend to be very binary like they very quickly don't seem to work
or
They like you're definitely i'm like, you know, a really solid path where you have a lot of options no matter
How things change so yeah, I do think what you're describing. That's actually the real
The risk and I don't really like dwell on that or I wouldn't have kept going this long
Like I i'm optimistic. I'm a founder. I think things are going to the moon
Uh
But like after a hard week when I just haven't had vacation in three years and I really need a week off like next week
That's when it all just starts to kind of like
You play out those worst possible case scenarios and you get really depressed and you're like, and
I might I might like a lifestyle business where my lifestyle mattered
The lifestyle business situation is a fantasy. It's not real. Yeah. It's like not like a real option
It's extremely rare and a lot of the success cases that people point to
Could not exist today. They kind of only existed in a moment. It's like levels saying you should be an indie hacker when he's like the only one that's ever
Yeah, it's great. The best time to be an indie hacker is when it wasn't really a term
Yeah, right all the ones that are successful started then there's no room for new indie hackers
There's no room for news base camps like it's you got to look at the world the way it is today
Not
How was when these companies were started or these people started? I'm feeling better. I needed that pep talk. I confirmed your fear
I was like, yeah, I'm gonna pick up on it. I got confused
I started thinking about open AI model names again, and I just got very confused and it worked out for you
So keep going
What did you do to fix your twitter because I I hate the for you tab and I think you said you hid the for you tab
so on
on
On my desktop. I switched to type fully chrome extension. There's a type of chrome extension
Uh that that you talk about pretty much everything
and you can go to the settings, but
My twitter
Now only shows the following tab. It just hit a bunch of other like unnecessary stuff too
Actually, I'm gonna see tabs anymore. I just see my following feed
You don't see tabs
And it's like it's just the people I follow and then I read up to the point where
It's the tweet I've already read from the previous time I opened it and then there's nothing else for me to do
There's really nothing else we need to do on the app. I can't like wow. I did it. Wait. No
I saw for you tab
Why don't I say go into the settings and figure it much? There's a lot of options
But they're all just toggle so easy to easily like toggle stuff and see what I want to
Um just doing this on the fly real time
I also unfollowed pretty much everyone and started refalling
Incrementally to like build up this feed and then on my phone now they have this habit of like only going to the
The following tab. I just never go to the for you tab on my phone. I like
I got into a good habit where like I just don't have that swipe habit where we go into the other one
Okay, are there is there like a way to export these settings or so many
Can you just tell me what you did like what buttons you hit? There's so many
Zen rider mode. Do I want this? No, okay
Trends on home timeline recent media. I just got a DM from uh
Rahul Digma
Because the guy that was fired at twitter fake fired
Well, I follow him because I like his company
What's the way? What's this company Julius Julius AI? What is that?
He was making like a stat music competitor for a while. It's like a basketball search thing
Yeah, it's like a uh, it's like a nice AI power tool to do a bunch of in data analysis stuff
It's like if you build chat JBT, but entirely around like
Processing excel sheets and like creating visuals a data visualizations and stuff. Um, uh
Interesting. Yeah, he was like
Because I just refollowed him because I unfollowed everyone and refollow them
Mm-hmm because I was resetting my list and he was like, what did I do?
And I've gotten a lot of messages like this and I'm like, yeah
I bet I bet like because I unfollowed everyone so I think people just saw people saw that I unfollowed them and they didn't realize that
I unfollowed everyone because it felt like really personal. They got a few messages like this very personally
Yeah, I mean, I understand the unfollowing. Yeah, it feels it feels bad
Um, but now I think that's when everyone it wasn't personal well for a lot of people was personal
But if I refollowed you it's
You had to hide the ones that were personal under this like guys. I just unfollowed everybody
Yeah, that was actually the solution. You know how we always you never unfollow anyone. Yeah, this is a solution
Unfollowed everybody. Yeah. Did you like use like a tool to do that? Did you like hit a button?
I think I wrote like I just wrote some jobs ripped in the um, nice console and just let it run
And then obviously rate limits and stuff. So I just like left a tab open for a day and unfollowed everyone
Okay, this this whole minimal twitter thing
I just went through every single setting and there is no way to turn off before you tab
No, yes, there it is. I turned it off. I don't know which one it is, but I turned it off
I can show you a screenshot of my screen. It's really just well. I removed the tabs in general
There's a way to remove the tabs. Oh, remove the whole tab thing, huh? Okay, whatever. I'll do this later. This is
This is not our podcast listeners problem
Uh, hopefully minimalist Chrome extension. Yeah
Um, I'm not going to endorse it yet. Jerry's still out for me, but dak says it's great. It's great. It's great
Oh timeline tabs
Okay, I can X them remove distracting on it. See I thought these were checked. Okay. Nevermind. That's just
Inverted
Anyway
There's something else I want to talk about man. I just saw it now. I'm on twitter and I just saw tweets
There's like I'm developing this list. It's not actually a twitter list. Just like
This small group of people that I follow that I wish I could just unfollow everybody but them and only see their tweets
I think that's what lists are for but the people who are like super smart about
Evaluating all these models. I've talked about it before but
Uh, now that I just have the following tab. I'm just seeing lots of those tweets and it feels good
I want all of those tweets. It's great. Yeah
And uh, so now I'm like, I want to follow more people because I want to see more stuff in there. It's uh, um
It's good, but it takes commitment because I'm like on my phone. You can still just
Use the other tab. But like I said that last round of stuff. I found so
annoying man
It's crazy how deeply it hit me. I was literally like
I I'm like I just give up on people
Like why am I trying to help people like all everyone is just so stupid and just falsely same stupid cycles like
I was like seeing myself totally like retreating from
Talking about anything publicly
That's how we get that's how deeply it hit me. I hate you so deep. We got breaking news on the podcast
I feel like our podcast is half an AI podcast at this point. Yeah, it's hard not to talk about AI constantly
Uh, open AI introducing codex
Oh, I thought they already introduced codex twice
You might say
Because they're used to be like an old model called codex and then they released a cli tool called codex
No, this is an actual new model called codex
Yeah, it's an open AI codex. It's an open AI new model. It's supposedly beats three seven
In the sweep inch, you know riding python. Oh, yeah, because open AI did say they were now just gonna take 11
And it's 11. Yeah, okay. They just did wait. So wait. What is this? It's a it's a model specifically for code. I think
it uh
Yeah, it be three seven. It's number one now on the sweep inch verified. Wait, but is this what sw one is no
This is codex one, but like forget the wind surf thing
They probably been working on that for eight months and it had nothing to do with open AI and it sucks
And we don't care. Okay. Okay. This beats. It's not a frontier model. This beats. Oh my god. Okay. I'm so pissed now
I'm reading the stupid
The blog post codex can be guided by agents.md files placed within your repository. These are text files akin to read me
So now we have another one agents.md now. There's agents.md cursor rules
Agents md seems generic. So it seems like maybe that's what we have to use. It's better
I just I was trying to make open code use context indeed
That was gonna be the one and then like amp just launched they use agent not with an s
Agent dot md so now they're gonna have to change like everybody just sees it can just converge on one thing
Let's go with agents. I feel like open AI has the weight the billions of dollars
I can't even find this blog post uh introducing codex
A cloud-based software engineering agent that can work on mini tasks in parallel powered by codex one available to chat gpt pro
Oh, it's cloud-based agent. Oh, I'm sorry. This is not so the model is separate codex one is the model
Codex. Oh my god. Why did they release a cli tool and a cloud-based agent named the same thing within like I literally cannot find this
I'm like going to their news news page. Maybe I have an inside info
Where do I give this to you? I'm gonna give it to you and discord not discord. The other one. We use slack introducing codex
Okay, it's a mace. It's a problem. Adrian. It's cloud-based. It's it's amp
No, it's not amp is a VS code extension. I'm sorry
Is Devin what are there any other cloud? It's Devin. Yeah, it's Devin. It's cloud-based
So you like it connects to your repos. I'm assuming
But the more interesting thing to me from an open code standpoint is codex one as a model. Yeah, so I'm assuming it's available today
it's better than
it's a best one on so
Okay, well, this is the
Switch
Every time they're like this model beats is the best benchmark and they go use it and I'm just like well
Yeah, there's the benchmark and then there's actually good like if it doesn't call tools effectively then it's worthless like
I mean, it surely does their agent thing. Yeah, this is like the purpose of it
So I I would trust
I'm still trying to find in the api as codex mini latest. Oh, it is nice
Codex mini latest. Let's go
Oh, that's a smaller version of codex one
Okay, so that's specifically for using codex Cli, but this is what yeah, it closely lies using exactly
I guess we got to try this this product. Damn it. This is the problem with these stupid companies
Not knowing that their platforms
You're just talking about the thing like there. This is another bet into the application layer
Like this is how you they have like a models page, right? Like open AI just has like I wonder if it's already in there open AI models
Uh model reference stocks. No, where is it? Of course there are examples all Python
I know what is it with the resurgence of Python? There's been so much stuff launched around Python
Like I feel like we let the data scientists win or something and it's so stupid to me
that like because data scientists all these people with these frontier labs all love Python because
NumPy or whatever. I feel like that like became this thing that now all of us application developers are going to start writing Python because
I don't know if you feel like it feels like it's gonna invasive
Like species or something and like we like yes
We kind of push it down and but we didn't kill it and now like for you to be surging
Ridiculous
Conplease let's just squash the Python. It's not good people
Superhuman uses codex to speed up small the repetitive task improving test coverage and fixing integration failures
Temporal feature development, so I guess some people had preview to this
Okay, so but like if this is in the app I can use this now. I think I have chadgbt pro
Where is codex is codex a separate tri codex? It's there's a button where oh?
It opened chadgbt. I don't see codex
I don't see it either and I have pro could be
Oh wait available to pro team and enterprise. I think I only have plus plus pro. But it doesn't work when you do it
Well, what does is that what canvas is
So don't use o4 mini high for your coding anymore or for one. There's codex one for that
But it's only the api
Yeah, or only we we gotta try it now with open code. Yeah
I don't know if the mini one's gonna be it's not gonna be as good as the cloud base
codex one, you know I'm saying
Like they're reserving the best model for coding for the little cloud tool now. Yeah, which again
This is just not what they claim to be doing. That's what I thought
Do I have to get chadgbt pro? I'm gonna have to get pro I guess faster workflows optimized for low latency q&a and editing while retaining the same strengths and
Instruction following and style. I like snapshot will be regularly updated as you continue to improve the codex mini model
Okay, I mean it could
Every time I've been optimistic. I've been wrong, but it could maybe it maybe it could be the new default. Oh, it could be
I I'm
like they've definitely been pivoting towards we don't want anthropic to win the developer market
and it started with
For one then codex the cli and now they've got this which clearly they've been working on for a while. So the naming is intentional
I guess that they have codex cli and they have codex the web version
cloud based
I haven't read the article. I'm curious. Did you pick up? Is it like what we would imagine you you just like connected to your github repo and it can just
Go to town. That's what it seems like connects with github
But again, if I take me to slash codex and then it just redirects back to chat tv. D home
Maybe it's not like properly released yet. Yeah, maybe not. I'll probably have to watch the live stream
I can see what the deal is. I really hate the thing they do where they like crowd around the table together. I know I don't like their videos
It feels AI generated to me
Yeah
Uh, we recommend assigning well-scoped tasks to multiple agents simultaneously and experimenting with different types of tasks and prompts explore the models capability
This is a dev in killer. Yeah, it sounds like it's less like tool for developer more like does stuff in your github repo for you
Which is also awesome. I mean, I'll take that. I mean, I definitely I mean, I liked
The ux of dev in I just I just thought it sucked and was so slow. Yeah, it was just a bad
Implementation of it. Well, it turns out breaking news is kind of boring for our podcast listeners because we're just reading the blog article
Yeah, that's what prime does for profession. Oh, that's true. Yeah, it should actually read it out
Also, this isn't breaking news because this is like, you know, they're gonna hit a podcast next week. Oh, yeah
Breaking news for us now for you. I don't know. We're on the bleeding edge of
Internet online to online whatever. Maybe people are just learning about this on monday even because they don't use twitter incessantly
Those lucky ducks. Yeah, all right. We should probably get off here
This one's gotten along. Okay, right here. I see ya
You